Add a link to the wave-in app to the README.md (#113)
euphony-io/euphony: README.md

- [Euphony Speaker](https://github.com/euphony-io/euphony-speaker) : Euphony Demo to generate sound data.
- [Sound Helper](https://github.com/euphony-io/sound-helper) : Euphony Demo for patients and assistants in case of an emergency.
- [Soundless Check-in](https://github.com/euphony-io/soundless-check-in) : Euphony Demo to check in through sound wave.

> - [Here Is My Card](https://github.com/euphony-io/here-is-my-card) : Euphony Demo for sharing business cards.

Reviewer: good typo fix!

Reviewer 2: You're very meticulous! Nice!😀

- [Looking For Job](https://github.com/euphony-io/looking-for-job) : Euphony Demo to send and receive resumes.
- [Listen My Order](https://github.com/euphony-io/listen-my-order) : Euphony Demo for communicate restaurant menu information.

> - [Wave-In](https://github.com/euphony-io/check-in-speaker) : Euphony Demo to check-in using a safe Number.

Reviewer: How about fixing N to n of "Number"?

Author: Yes I fix now!

> - [Wave-In](https://github.com/euphony-io/check-in-speaker) : Euphony Demo to check-in using a safe number.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [Wave-In](https://github.com/euphony-io/check-in-speaker) : COVID-19 Check-in solution using a safe number based on MVVM model.
```

Author: That would be better! I fix it!

- [Here Is My Card](https://github.com/euphony-io/here-is-my-card) : Euphony Demo for sharing business cards.
- [Looking For Job](https://github.com/euphony-io/looking-for-job) : Euphony Demo to send and receive resumes.
- [Listen My Order](https://github.com/euphony-io/listen-my-order) : Euphony Demo for communicate restaurant menu information.

> - [Wave-In](https://github.com/euphony-io/wave-in-speaker) : COVID-19 Check-in solution using a safe number based on MVVM model.

Reviewer 4: Great!! 😆
